The Joe Rogan.
Experience. People don't remember bill gates, the old bill gates, right.
People see bill gates. Now I see bill gates now.
And I see a guy who's wearing an outfit. He wears a outfit. Yeah. It's like,
he's got a, a it's like Spiderman. Like he puts on a Spiderman.
Like this is my really nice rich guy thing. I've got a sweater.
It's a hundred degree outside.
Why you got that sweater with a shirt underneath it.
It's secretly ventilated and yeah.
Does he ever have a t-shirt on, does bill gates ever rock a tshirt?
I heard he had a house where when you walk into a room,
it recognizes like how you like the temperature. Like you wear a band. Yes.
You a clip.
You wear a clip.
A pin. It would change the temperature. It would make coffee that you like, da,
da, da, da mm-hmm <affirmative>. And I was like, my, I was single.
When I heard about this, I was like, I wish I had that.
Cause that's how the girl would know it was over. Like she <laugh> it's cold.
Yeah. <laugh> change the settings.
<Laugh> yeah. You walk in changes. The artwork flips over. Right.
Right. But uh, I mean, yeah. I, he called this though.
He called I, we weren't ready for pandemic like years ago. So 15.
2015. Yeah. Yeah. So, well he set it up. He's he's the mastermind behind all.
He he's like one of the Incredibles, like the, the bad guy and then grab, I, I,
I'm just confused by his outfit. Cause it's like,
he's dressing up like Mr. Rogers on purpose.
He wants you to think of him in a different way. He's a Savage.
Man. He's.
Savage. Most ruthless when he was running Microsoft.
That's why Microsoft got so huge. Right? They would take no prisoners.
Businessmen. Yes. Take no prisoners. Yeah.
He's he's but he's pretending like he's, you know, I kind of love that though.
Like when people, um, cuz you just have to know how to look for it, right? Yeah.
Like, like I don't, I don't trust anybody that doesn't cuss on stage. You know,
those is like, something's going on? Right?
Like those, the ones who do freaky. Oh yeah. Ball gags and stuff. Yes. Oh,
look at that. Got a t-shirt there. Come on man. That's a,
a button up t-shirt with a collar. Everything has a collar though,
but that's a long time ago that looks like about 15 years old.
That's a nice crew.
Though. Look at that crew. Why? And it's like, why is Lu Luta?
Like the forest G of uh, he photos.
This factor Luda took a factor after me. Like.
Where's that connection? Like.
They offered him a lot of money and he was like, I'll take it.
They're teaching you about life because there's selling paper. Towels, woman.
Is an engineer. <laugh>.
But that picture go back to that picture.
I would feel so sold out if I was a guy and I was really into Brony.
Cause I kind of looked like the Brony guy and then I go and buy my Brony towels.
And there's three chicks. If you were still position,
if you felt like the Brony guy, but literally it's like didn't men. Okay.
The Brony guys at lumberjack,
I would assume most lumberjacks are, are,
are probably big strong men. You don't think he became a gay kind of icon.
I mean, I understand the,
the idea that they have three female lumberjacks three.
Well you do the job of one man. <laugh> that was a lo you've.
Got a lo for.
The grand slam. He has to Jack the lumber of one full man.
This is gonna take three of the strong ladies. It's just, what.
Are the percentages of women that are lumberjacks?
And what's the likelihood of three of them being on a team.
It looks in, in that picture, he looks like a guy who's about to take a along.
And by the.
Way, this is an ignorant question.
I I'm aware if you're a female lumberjack and you're mad at me right now.
I'm sorry. I don't know anybody. That's a female lumberjack. I'm just ask,
just asking questions. They mean they're wearing lumberjack clothes.
That's what a lumber Jack wear. Assuming are you posing shirt? What is this?
It's if you have it is stolen. It's.
Stolen valor. Is it stolen? Valor?
Are you pretending you're out there carrying trees? You.
Wearing a lumberjack shirt is stolen. Valor.
It's stolen valor. These aren't lumberjacks. These are models.
These are hot chicks with nice nails.
They're not out there carrying trees and. You know.
They could, by the way, they're not.
You I'll tell you what the women that do do that job.
I promise they're not gonna put on the paper towel.
<laugh> there's you're right. They're gonna look like you. There's yeah.
Just put a wig on the guy. Look.
At that one. Lady with her sleeves rolled up. Are you about to go to work?
Look at her, go to that picture, click on that. She's got this really thin body.
These really thin arms. And she's got her sleeves rolled up with a flan shirt,
flannel shirt on in front of a bunch of trees. Are you about to chop trees down?
Ma'am because you weigh 90 pounds. Even if the.
Outta the way of those, those trees.
I think the idea is to make you think that you feel like a lumberjack while
you're wiping your counter down is the, is what they're.
Trying to do.
I think we need to be more respectful about what the it means to be a
lumberjack. I would think you would,
you would think that that I would be romantic until you did that job.
Eight hours a day, five days a week.
And your body's broken down cuz you're carrying logs on your shoulder and.
You're chopping at trees. Oh.
My God. Was your father a lumberjack? Cause I was very, this.
Is what I feel. You can't pretend you're a lumberjack.
You can't take a hot model and cover a face with little bit of coal powder and
pretend she's a coal miner in West Virginia getting black lung.
You can't cuz she's not.
I'm thrilled by the fact that this whole system gets thrown into a,
just a, a blender and spun around and no one knows what's gonna get spit out.
And a lot of these people they're getting,
you're getting really clear reveal that they're frauds these people
that are in positions of leadership or bizarre human beings that don't even
live in reality.
Like I was watching Nancy Pelosi trying to dance her way outta saying that in
February, she was telling people to go to Chinatown, hang out, have a good time.
Don't worry about it. Like, like you were doing the same thing.
You're accused the president of doing you're accusing Trump of not warning
people. Well you didn't warn anybody either.
Everyone's playing gotcha with this. Nobody saw what the was coming.
Like I said, the world health organization in a tweet was saying,
it can't be transmitted from person to person mm-hmm <affirmative> that?
No one knew mm-hmm <affirmative> so this is all this chaos of all these people
getting revealed. I like it. Yeah. I like it.
There's part of it that I like. I enjoy because I understand,
understand that one,
one thing that we have above all the people that live before us is that
we have more access to information. Mm-hmm <affirmative> we,
we see the flaws better. We see the flaws better.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> whereas before we were lied to and,
now you can see it better. It doesn't mean those flaws aren't gonna exist,
but those people are gonna have to be, they're gonna have to be authentic.
They're not authentic right now. Like when you see someone,
the record will show that I was there in Chinatown to tell people to not
be racist, the record will show you can't do that anymore.
You can't do that anymore. We demand you be authentic.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and if you made a mistake like that, like in February,
look, man,
if you were hanging out with me in February and we were barbecuing and I'd be
like, it's probably like the flu people are gonna get sick. They're gonna die.
I'm not a expert. Okay. I'm not a politician. And if I said that, I'd be like,
man, was I wrong? Here's why I thought that. Here's what I wouldn't say.
The record will show the reason why I said that is I wanted you to not be racist
to Chinese people. Mm-hmm <affirmative> like, if you believe that,
like this is like some intricate plot to that.
Nancy Pelosi had to sort of stop against Chinese people like
nonsense. Right? You were talking and the world changed.
And it was the same as like, was it the secretary of health in New York city?
Who was it that was telling people to go out, take the subway.
I forget who it was. But there was this lady, like she made a bad call. Right?
But nobody knew the world health.
Organization's telling people it can't be transmitted from her a person at one
point in time, no one knew it's a new thing. You know, were mistakes made.
Of course they're made, this is in who's the perfect person in real time,
in the middle of a pandemic crisis, that person doesn't exist.
They don't have access to the information to make perfect decisions.
You have to have all the information was some of it ignored. Yeah.
Because it was conflicting information.
So it has to be sifted through his hydroxychloroquine turns out that stuff kills
more people than not using it. Yeah. Oops. Yeah. Whoops. That's.
Not good. And so the whole pandemic, this is a conspiracy theory. Not real.
The whole pandemic was a plan to get people to go
inside, store up foods,
get 'em off the roads and like wait for this, whatever this event is to pass.
And as soon as the event passes, you'll, you'll find that it's,
it's all of a sudden, it's like, what do you know? The,
the curves are all dropping off. What do you know? And then we'll all be back.
Because the thing that we're worried about didn't happen also could be a test
for, for that. So that.
Can I just stop you? Cause it's so dumb. It's hard to believe. Thank you.
There's a real old virus. They can, they can cute. I know they can image it.
I, I, but I, you know what? It looks like they they've,
they've been able to test for it. Antibodies. I.
Feel like a virus. I feel like I'm talking to my wife. It's.
A real virus. It's a confusing virus. It's.
So good that I married the person I'm married because if not,
like I would probably be like digging a hole to like crawl into,
out of pure paranoia. Cuz she does do this to me. She's like Duncan.
Do you think there isn't a COVID virus?
Like you think there's no virus out there. Do you think that like maybe like,
so all the scientists that have identify COVID are all part of this thing to
keep us from the meteor thing. And then I'm like, yeah, yeah you're thank you.
Because like I'll start getting freaked out from it.
But I'll answer your question. Like if I had to answer that, I would say, oh no,
it's real. I.
Mean that many people died from it. No. What is the, uh,
current COVID death count 50,000 today this morning, 50,000.
Here's something that I found out.
That's kind of odd if you die of something else. So people are still dying,
right? They're still dying of high blood pressure, strokes, heart attacks,
still kill, killing more people than anything. Right?
If you die of a heart attack and you have COVID you get listed as a COVID death.
So even if you're gonna die of a heart attack, I mean, people are still dying.
Right? Same, same amount of people other than traffic accidents,
which I think have, has diminished quite a bit. Cuz no one's driving. Yep.
But the, uh, same, those people are gonna die still.
It's not like they live forever without the COVID right.
It's not like they don't get the flu. It's not like they don't get a cold.
It's not like they don't get pneumonia.
All these things exist with or without COVID there's still people,
people are still dying from 'em.
But if you die of one of those things and you have COVID you're,
it's a COVID death. Yeah.
So for some that's why it's so crazy. It's like,
you don't really know what, how many people are actually getting this thing,
this COVID and having a mild reaction. How many people are having no reaction,
how many people are dying, right?
Like what is the that's when they did that new UCLA study that came out that
showed they think there's way more people that have been,
they think California alone is somewhere around 400,000 people being infected.
And so the fatality rate is still pretty low, but if that's the case,
like, so what do we do? We just let, let people die.
Or do we do this every time the flu comes around too now?
Like what if we get a particularly rough flu or is this a practice run for what
we're gonna do every time colds come through.